now there was a man from the mountains
now there was a man from the mountains of Ephraim whose name was Micah and he
of Ephraim whose name was Micah and he
of Ephraim whose name was Micah and he said to his mother the eleven hundred
said to his mother the eleven hundred
said to his mother the eleven hundred shekels of silver that were taken from
shekels of silver that were taken from
shekels of silver that were taken from you and on which you put a curse even
you and on which you put a curse even
you and on which you put a curse even saying it in my ears here is this over
saying it in my ears here is this over
saying it in my ears here is this over with me I took it and his mother said
with me I took it and his mother said
with me I took it and his mother said may you be blessed by the Lord my son so
may you be blessed by the Lord my son so
may you be blessed by the Lord my son so when he had returned the eleven hundred
when he had returned the eleven hundred
when he had returned the eleven hundred shekels of silver to his mother his
shekels of silver to his mother his
shekels of silver to his mother his mother said I had wholly dedicated the
mother said I had wholly dedicated the
mother said I had wholly dedicated the silver from my hand to the Lord for my
silver from my hand to the Lord for my
silver from my hand to the Lord for my son to make a carved image an a molded
son to make a carved image an a molded
son to make a carved image an a molded image now therefore I will return it to
image now therefore I will return it to
image now therefore I will return it to you
you
you thus he returned the silver to his
thus he returned the silver to his
thus he returned the silver to his mother then his mother took two hundred
mother then his mother took two hundred
mother then his mother took two hundred shekels of silver and gave them to the
shekels of silver and gave them to the
shekels of silver and gave them to the silversmith and he made it into a carved
silversmith and he made it into a carved
silversmith and he made it into a carved image and a molded image and they were
image and a molded image and they were
image and a molded image and they were in the house of Micah the man Micah had
in the house of Micah the man Micah had
in the house of Micah the man Micah had a shrine and made an effort and
a shrine and made an effort and
a shrine and made an effort and household idols and he consecrated one
household idols and he consecrated one
household idols and he consecrated one of his sons who became his priest in
of his sons who became his priest in
of his sons who became his priest in those days there was no king in Israel
those days there was no king in Israel
those days there was no king in Israel everyone did what was right in his own
everyone did what was right in his own
everyone did what was right in his own eyes now there was a young man from
eyes now there was a young man from
eyes now there was a young man from Bethlehem in Judah of the family of
Bethlehem in Judah of the family of
Bethlehem in Judah of the family of Judah he was a Levite and was staying
Judah he was a Levite and was staying
Judah he was a Levite and was staying there the man departed from the city of
there the man departed from the city of
there the man departed from the city of Bethlehem in Judah to stay wherever he
Bethlehem in Judah to stay wherever he
Bethlehem in Judah to stay wherever he could find a place then he came to the
could find a place then he came to the
could find a place then he came to the mountains of Ephraim to the house of
mountains of Ephraim to the house of
mountains of Ephraim to the house of Micah as he journeyed
Micah as he journeyed
Micah as he journeyed and Micah said to him where do you come
and Micah said to him where do you come
and Micah said to him where do you come from I am a Levite from Bethlehem in
from I am a Levite from Bethlehem in
from I am a Levite from Bethlehem in Judah and I am on my way to find a place
Judah and I am on my way to find a place
Judah and I am on my way to find a place to stay
to stay
to stay dwell with me and be a father and a
dwell with me and be a father and a
dwell with me and be a father and a priest to me and I will give you ten
priest to me and I will give you ten
priest to me and I will give you ten shekels of silver per year a suit of
shekels of silver per year a suit of
shekels of silver per year a suit of clothes and your sustenance so believe I
clothes and your sustenance so believe I
clothes and your sustenance so believe I went in then the Levite was content to
went in then the Levite was content to
went in then the Levite was content to dwell with a man and the young man
dwell with a man and the young man
dwell with a man and the young man became like one of his sons to him so
became like one of his sons to him so
became like one of his sons to him so Micah consecrated the Levite and the
Micah consecrated the Levite and the
Micah consecrated the Levite and the young man became his priest and lived in
young man became his priest and lived in
young man became his priest and lived in the house of Micah then Micah said now I
the house of Micah then Micah said now I
the house of Micah then Micah said now I know that the Lord will be good to me
know that the Lord will be good to me
know that the Lord will be good to me since I have a Levite as priest